Game Notes

ObjectLookup script:

For each Action Object and each of its states, 
the Lookup data will be in the following format:

cursor,new state,auxiliary object1, its new state, auxiliary object2, its new state, etc. 

auxiliary objects are optional.

Location:
3D Objects
  0: Object is not in scene.
  1: Object is in scene and pickable.
  2: Object is not pickable (in scene).
2D Objects
  1: Object is not in scene.
  2: Object is in Inventory.
  3: Object is Cursor.

Visibility Type:
  0: N/A.
  1: Show at start.
  2: Show at start, hide at end.
  3: Hide at end.

Special case assignments:  
   "a" trigger animation only on the auxiliary object
   "b" change the state on the object only- no animations
   "c" send a message to "DoCameraMatch" function a script on the auxiliary object
   "s" send a message to the "DoTheJob" function on a script on the auxiliary object 
   "p" instantiate a prefab
   "d" character dialogue is called for
In the ObjectLookup function, a transition into a state of -1 will keep the picked object from being processed.


Cursor States:
	0: not in scene
	1: in Inventory
	2: is Cursor

Dialogue Tree Conventions-
Topic format =  000 000 The text for the topic here
  1- topic's active state, 1 is active, 0 is not, 9 will mean exit the conversation
  2 & 3 - element number of audio clip for the topic	
  
Reply Conventions-
Repliles Format=  0000 0 0000 The text for the reply here
   1- how to process the reply:
        0 is no change
        1 is turn off the topic
        2 is turn it off and turn on another topic
        3 is turn on a different topic
   2 & 3 - element number of the topic to turn on or off
   4- Reply Types
  		0, a simple reply, no processing required
   		1-8, a sequential reply, the current position in the sequence, a reply of "reset" causes it to loop
   		9, a random reply
    5- blank
    6-which topic tree to use- 0 is root, 1 is branch
    7- blank    
    8 & 9 - for special cases
    10 & 11- audio clip element number for the reply

Simple AI, progress definitions:

0  = not started
1  = walking toward the target (the First Person Controller)
-1 = paused while walking toward the target
2  = at the target and waiting for player to initiate a conversation
-2 = engaged in conversation
3  = starting to head back to base
4  = waiting back at base
